Don't go too far.
What's wrong with me?
You stinky security guard dare to fight me
I gave you face, right?
Did Manager Liu hear that?
Just do as the young lady said
hands-on
Hahahahahahaha oops
Okay.
Let him go, sir, I don't want to see him again
Hey what's the matter
What's your situation?
Get the hell out of here
If I don't see you, I'll hit you once.
This kid is full of shit
Not necessarily good
Who let him offend Wan Shao?
Wanjia is the richest man in Beijing
I really don't know how high the sky is
Will I be in tune?
Come come come
Don't run
Hey, this society
Just be so damn realistic
No money
Just being bullied
Hey
Don't be nervous.
Who are you?
This is my life.
Young Master, we have found you